[21443] Fix bug in initial peers documentation (#896)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/discovery/simple.rst

*Fast DDS* allows for the configuration of an initial peers list which contains one or more such IP-port address
pairs corresponding to remote DomainParticipants PDP discovery listening resources, so that the local
DomainParticipant will not only send its PDP traffic to the default multicast address-port specified by its domain,

> or to all the IP-port address pairs specified in the initial peers list.

Reviewer: pairs corresponding to remote DomainParticipants PDP discovery listening resources, so that the local
DomainParticipant will only send its PDP traffic to the IP-port address pairs specified in the initial peers list.

A DomainParticipant's initial peers list contains the list of IP-port address pairs of all other DomainParticipants
with which it will communicate.

> It is a list of addresses that a DomainParticipant will use in the unicast discovery mechanism, as an
> alternative to multicast discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a list of addresses that a DomainParticipant will use in the PDP discovery mechanism, and can hold both multicast and unicast addresses.
The default multicast address will be used if the list is empty.
```
